We can actually also combine up
models to use our smile detector to
maybe even generate new smiles.
We create a new model, so
we're gonna take our existing,
I don't know if I can draw this.
We're out of space, unfortunately.
I feel bad to mess with them.
I will squeeze in here.
This is our smile detector.
Takes in an image, and
if it's random data,
there you go, it comes out and
says, no smile.
Hopefully that's no smile,
looks about no smile.
Says, no smile.
We can build a new model that generates
random squiggles like this, squiggle,
didn't think you see that, creator.
Its first effort went past
this model says, no smile.
So it goes, let me, and
this is a high level explanation,
let me try new squiggle.
And so it's getting better,
this time it was getting up to,
the first time 7% next time it got to 13%,
okay.
After many tries, it gets to generating
squiggles at a 90% conversion.
Well, now it's a smile generator
within the category of images
labeled smile and
against a high-level explanation.
But at its core, this is what a generative
adversarial network is doing.
It's got one model that's trying to catch
out bad squiggles as not a smile and
one that's trying to
generate squiggles that will
convince this at a 90% confidence
that what it's produced is a smile.
And once it's done so,
it's a smile generator.
And while we've moved beyond, very,
very recently, the last two or
three years, generative adversarial
networks is the central way in
which generation is done towards
what's called diffusion models.
At their core,
it's still combining models up that allows
us to achieve these remarkable
generative outcomes.
Same thing with text-conditional
image generation.
We have models that associate
text with images and pixels and
enable us to actually define
the content of image we want.
And then to combine that model up,
which is capturing the meaning of
that text, with image generation.
Which again, was sometimes
done by adversarial networks,
now typically, diffusion models.